herron my name is Mikey and then he
helps my kid flips am I Ollie's
frontside 180s and pow chavez down I
live in five towns no York hope you get
out me thanks hey dude so thanks a lot
for sending in your video we really do
appreciate it cool so you're working on
your kick flips that is a good thing to
work on super fun trick I love me some
kick flips good so they all look good
both those always look good frontside
180 needs a little bit of work we
definitely can work on getting the
Front's I want any more rotated and then
definitely do your backside 180 as well
and just really getting those previous
tricks down is going to help you a lot
but I love right here that you are
actually practicing the practice step
that's incredible good that was not bad
notice that you practice the practice
step you're flicking up and then you try
to do it and you are flicking up that's
a very good thing not when you flick
down a little bit so you got to be
careful for that it's funny you you
practice the practice step and you
flicked it good and then you stop doing
the practice step and you completely
change the way you were flipping the
board and you started flipping down you
need to put that practice up in more
more and more and more and more and more
because your first two attempts after
practicing the practice step you're
flicking up in every step after that
you're flipping down so you gotta you
gotta like it looks like you've been
practicing it incorrectly and then you
started practicing it correctly now
you're having a hard time continuing to
practice it correctly thanks hope you
get out there but cool so I can
definitely help you watch this right
here you flicked up your front foot was
above the board the whole time you took
your back foot off and then you landed
with your front foot that was beautiful
that's the step you need to do again and
again and again and again and again
because that one look at how far away
your front foot was it flicked down
straight down to the ground here watch
boom your foot landed way before the
board and that's what we need to correct
I think what you
might be doing is trying to step off
with your back foot land with your front
foot and then you got that you got that
down pretty good but you definitely need
to get it down better like being able to
do it every time and then the next one
it looks like you might be trying to
step off with your front foot and land
with your back foot not a bad idea as
long as you still continue to flip up
and out and keep that first practice
step of flicking up in so you can
practice stepping off your front foot as
long as you still flick up on the board
that is so vitally important I don't
even know where to begin well I guess I
already did I did begin I told you there
we go we kind of sorted that out good
I'm glad cool so actually as I'm
watching your kickflip the closest ones
were the first two attempts so right
after you are practicing that drag of
the front foot then you flip the board
stepped off with your back foot your
board flipped and your front foot was on
there you need to just continuing
continue to do that practice step until
you're super good at it i would say land
that practice step 10 times in a row and
do that every day and then you're
probably going to get good enough at
that where you can just flip it over and
just bend your back knee up into the air
and len with both feet on the board and
take it down like a champ so i have a
lot of confidence in your ability to do
that I think you can do it I think it's
a great idea so continue that first
practice step I think you may have
skateboarding made simple because you
started some of the practice steps but
you need to continue the other practice
steps are a couple more so make sure you
are using that full thing make sure
you're using every single step including
all the steps before the kickflip and
all of the tricks so just learn them all
but yeah it's definitely helpful get it
up i tunes as an ibook or at Braille
skateboarding calm again thanks for your
support you guys are all amazing thank
you thank you thank you and I'll see you
soon